Update 2023-in-llms.md (#1735)
huggingface/blog: 2023-in-llms.md

The MPT models were quickly followed by the 7 and 30B [models](https://huggingface.co/tiiuae/falcon-7b) from the [Falcon series](https://huggingface.co/collections/tiiuae/falcon-64fb432660017eeec9837b5a), released by TIIUAE, and trained on 1 to 1.5T tokens of English and code (RefinedWeb, Project Gutemberg, Reddit, StackOverflow, Github, arXiv, Wikipedia, among other sources) - later in the year, a gigantic 180B model was also released. The Falcon models, data, and training process were detailed in a technical report and a [later research paper](https://huggingface.co/papers/2311.16867). 

> Inheriting from the GPT-Neo-X model, StabilityAI released the [StableLM-Base-Alpha](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-base-alpha-7b) models, a small (3B and 7B) pre-trained series using 1.5T tokens of an experimental dataset built on ThePile, followed by a [v2 series](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-base-alpha-7b-v2) with a data mix inclusing RefinedWeb, RedPajama, ThePile, and undisclosed internal dataets, and lastly by a very small 3B model, the [StableLM-3B-4e1T](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-3b-4e1t), complete with a [detailed technical report](https://stability.wandb.io/stability-llm/stable-lm/reports/StableLM-3B-4E1T--VmlldzoyMjU4?accessToken=u3zujipenkx5g7rtcj9qojjgxpconyjktjkli2po09nffrffdhhchq045vp0wyfo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inheriting from the GPT-Neo-X model, StabilityAI released the [StableLM-Base-Alpha](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-base-alpha-7b) models, a small (3B and 7B) pre-trained series using 1.5T tokens of an experimental dataset built on ThePile, followed by a [v2 series](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-base-alpha-7b-v2) with a data mix including RefinedWeb, RedPajama, ThePile, and undisclosed internal datasets, and lastly by a very small 3B model, the [StableLM-3B-4e1T](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stablelm-3b-4e1t), complete with a [detailed technical report](https://stability.wandb.io/stability-llm/stable-lm/reports/StableLM-3B-4E1T--VmlldzoyMjU4?accessToken=u3zujipenkx5g7rtcj9qojjgxpconyjktjkli2po09nffrffdhhchq045vp0wyfo).
```

So, to come back to our wave of small open weights models from (mostly) private companies, a lot of them were released with fine-tuned counterparts: MPT-7B also came with an instruct and a chat version, instruct-tuned versions of Falcon and XGen models were released at the end of the year, Llama-2, Qwen and Yi were released with chat versions and DeciLM with an instruct version. The release of Llama-2 was particularly notable due to the strong focus on safety, both in the pretraining and fine-tuning models. 

### What about the community?

> While chat-models and instruction fine-tuned models were usually provided directly with new models releases, the community and researchers didn't take this for granted: a wide and healthy community of model fine-tuners bloomed over the fruitful grounds provided by these base-models, with discussions spontaneously occuring on Reddit, Discord, the HuggingFace Hub, and Twitter. Community model releases were frequent, in parallel with the creation of new interesting datasets (also used to finetune models to ascertain their good performances and quality).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While chat models and instruction fine-tuned models were usually provided directly with new model releases, the community and researchers didn't take this for granted: a wide and healthy community of model fine-tuners bloomed over the fruitful grounds provided by these base models, with discussions spontaneously occurring on Reddit, Discord, the Hugging Face Hub, and Twitter. Community model releases were frequent, in parallel with the creation of new interesting datasets (also used to finetune models to ascertain their good performances and quality).
```
